Welcome everyone to the solution for the second probability interview question for this question it
asks What is the probability of rolling a total sum of four with two dice.
So let's go ahead and look at all the ways you could roll two dice and what their sums would be.
We can see here that we have the possible sums to through 12 and if we take a look at the possibilities
for four we see that there's essentially three ways of rolling a 4 1 3 3 1 and 2 2.
So there are 36 total ways that the dice can be thrown the ways that can add up to 4 are basically three
ways 1 3 2 2 and 3 1 which gives us 3 over 36.
So the probability that you end up rolling a sum of four for two dice is one over 12.
That should have been pretty straightforward.
If not go ahead and check out the guidebook for extra resources on that.
Thanks and I'll see at the next lecture.